---
title: "Ancient Egypt Revisited"
layout: page
# date: 2099-06-02 00:00
---

"The sky stretches its own light towards you so that you can reach heaven like the eyes of God." The "Pyramid Inscription" thus describes a world that people are curious about, the mysterious veil of Egypt, which has been explored by archaeologists since ancient times. Object. People want to know how the pyramid was built. Why should Pharaoh's body be placed in the pyramid? What is its impact on humans? Is it possible to make people get a richer life? "

For a long time, people have been interested in Egypt's strange landscapes and confusing legends. Egypt is the land loved by explorers, and the fertile ground for grave robbers. The huge treasures hidden in ancient Egypt have attracted the attention of the world. All this has to be talked about from the rise of Egyptology. So who is it that lifted the mystery of Egypt?

Napoleon, a great name that everyone knows well, will let us look at his achievements and discover the Egyptian Secretary. He is not only a zealous external expander, but also has an unusual understanding of the civilization where he is. He is not blindly plundering and destroying, but he is searching for and examining. In the 18th century, Europe experienced a vigorous industrial revolution and great development of science and technology. It is precisely this era that made people feel nostalgic for the past. In the humanities, there was an upsurge in archeology and ancient writing research. At that time, the discovery of Pompeii, Italy, and the interpretation of civilizations in the two rivers in the world opened up the mist of people's past depreciation. An era full of magical temptations must make people's temptations fascinated, so scholars seized the conveniences of the times and used scientific methods to explore the mysterious road. Napoleon's long-cherished vision of Eastern civilization, accompanied by his strong desire to conquer Egypt, was his dream of making history. He did not miss the opportunity to form a "Science and Art Expedition", which is the result of the times.

In 1799, when the Qing Dynasty Emperor Jiaqing reigned in the history of China, Napoleon led the soldiers into the mighty Egypt, and when he saw the majestic buildings on the fixed and open land, he shouted to the soldiers: "Soldiers, the 4,000-year-old Great Pyramid is watching you
!! "The heated emotions infect the soldiers. They are full of curiosity and obsession with this land, especially the scholars of the" Science and Art Expedition "surging and eager for the dazzling treasure. Napoleon's soldiers built near Rosetta The fortress, when the old wall was pushed down, the soldiers exclaimed, a black polished basalt appeared in front of everyone! This is the famous Rosetta stone, and it is also the key to decipher the ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs. 115 centimeters long, 73 centimeters wide, 28 centimeters thick; due to wind and sun, the above three inscriptions have been obscured. According to the translation of a Greek general by the "Study Mission" who understands Greek, it reflects AD The Scriptures of Ptolemy V, King of Egypt, 196 BC, but there were two passages that could not be cracked at the time.

The discovery of the Rosetta Stele caused a great response, and those without mathematics worked hard for it. The "study group" 's preliminary systematic research on the Rosetta Stones has triggered the "Egyptology" and the Egyptian expedition. Subsequently, the "Science and Art Expedition" published a book entitled "Records of Egypt", which was quite sensational. The book contains 24 volumes of text and 12 volumes of catalogues. It is beautifully decorated and rich in content. "Ancient Egypt" is a work written by many people, it shows us all aspects of ancient Egypt, and refreshes the gap in people's understanding of ancient Egyptian civilization. Earlier, people can learn about the situation in ancient Egypt from classics such as The History by the famous historian Herodotus, and the Geography by classical writer Strabo, but what exactly is the situation? Basically, there is still no clue what to find in Egyptian civilization, especially after the Arabs conquered Egypt in the 7th century, hieroglyphics became a stumbling block to explore the mysteries of Egypt.
After more than a thousand years of history, Egypt has become more ancient, remote and mysterious! While ancient Egypt was facing disappearance, the appearance of Polon changed the fate of ancient Egyptian civilization. The successful interpretation of Rosetta opened a door for the enrichment of the history of human civilization.
New disciplines and learning. Historians, writers, archeologists, and explorers followed, and peaceful Egypt blossomed. At the same time as lifting the veil of ancient Egypt's long civilization, today's people also brought Egypt an inexhaustible noise. If the Egyptian Pharaoh who had fallen asleep knew it, I don't know how he felt about Napoleon's every move!
