---
title: "The mystery of the cause of death of Pharaoh Tutankhamen in ancient Egypt"
layout: page
# date: 2099-06-02 00:00
---

The tomb of Tutankhamen, an ancient Egyptian pharaoh, is engraved with a line of epitaphs: "If anyone disturbs the peace of Pharaoh, death will fall on his head with wide wings." For decades, through various films and novels The "Pharaoh's Mantra" is spreading more and more evil, not only discouraging grave robbers, but also worrying many archeologists and tourists. But it also aroused people's curiosity about this fabulous pharaoh. What kind of character is this buried pharaoh? What happened to him?

The tomb of the ancient Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun is located in the "Valley of the Kings" on the west bank of the Nile, more than 700 kilometers south of Cairo, where more than 30 pharaohs are buried, so the "Valley of the Kings" has also become an archeologist and archeologist "Paradise".

Tutankhamun was the tenth and two pharaohs of the eighteenth dynasty of the Kingdom of Ancient Egypt. The eighteenth dynasty was the most prosperous period in the history of ancient Egypt. Tutankhamun took over the power of the sun god Amon in 1361 B.C., ascended to the throne of Pharaoh at only 9 years old, and then married a 12-year-old girl. This girl is the famous Amonput The daughter of Queen Nefertiti, the fourth generation (ie Akhnaton), is an Anxana, and these are all the historical introductions to his life. It can be said that Pharaoh Tutankhamun is quite mysterious. The tomb of Tutankhamun is the most complete and valuable tomb of an ancient Egyptian pharaoh discovered to date. The biggest mystery surrounding Tutankhamun is why he died.

Tutankhamun's mummy was placed in a three-layer coffin, with the outer two layers being hammered golden wooden regrets, and the innermost layer was a golden coffin. When the archaeologists unveiled the last layer of linen wrapped around Tutankhamun's mummy, people were stunned. Because people found a deadly wound on Tutankhamun's face near the left earlobe, could he have been murdered and killed? If so, who would be the murderer?

In addition, from the situation in Tutankhamun's tomb, his death seemed to be suddenly hoping that a tomb was narrow and small, and he seemed to have been buried in a hurry before it was repaired. The decoration of the tomb was also very scribbled. The murals on the four walls were splashed with many paints, and no one cleaned them. At first glance, it didn't seem to be for the royal family. And some of the funeral antiques that have attracted the world ’s attention are actually not his daily objects, because archeological finds that these antiques are engraved with the names of others. Tutankhamun ’s name was temporarily added after erasing the original name of. And the process of making mummy is not to soak the body with antiseptic spices slowly like other pharaohs, but to pour buckets of antiseptic spices on the mummy.

The young old man seemed to have too much mystery and doubt. The 19-year-old Tutankhamun died suddenly and mysteriously. He died prematurely, was buried in a hurry, and suffered brain damage ... Almost everyone believes that there must be something big behind his early death. secret. At the same time, he also attracted modern explorers to do everything they can to clear the fog of history, travel through time and space, and touch the ancient and mysterious world of ancient Egypt.

There is no record of Tutankhamun's death in the historical materials, because in the eighteenth dynasty of the New Kingdom, Tutankhamun is really not an important figure. Not only was he young and hardly any achievements during his reign, but because Tutankhamun was very young when he ascended the throne, he spent most of his time in power with an old minister, Ayi. After his death, his young queen asked King Hittite to send a prince to marry her. But Hittite was killed on her way to Egypt. Next, old minister Ai inherited the throne. According to these historical facts, some historians, after analysis, waited for the conclusion that Tutankhamun might be murdered. Some people even analyze that the killer may be Queen Ankzena of Tutankhamun or Ai, an old minister. Tutankhamen and Queen Anxana Gate never had a heir to the throne after their marriage, which gave them a strong sense of crisis. The queen said that her motive for killing Tutankhamun could be usurped, or she might want an heir. A fetal mummy was also found in Tutankhamun's tomb. It is inferred that both stillbirths were daughters of Tutankhamun and his wife, and the cause of death was premature or stillbirth. If the underground ability is able to breed healthy offspring, Anxana Gate may well hope that she can marry someone who can give her a healthy child.

For old minister Ai, when Tutankhamun's father was in office, Ai was the prime minister. Later, he assisted Tutankhamun, a 9-year-old boy, to gain the throne, but he has been in control of the country and won the trust of Tutankhamun. Since Ai was not a member of the royal family, even though he was in power in actual middle school, he was still not a legitimate Pharaoh. Therefore, his motive may be the throne of Kay Pharaoh. He wants to be a real Pharaoh and stillbirth. If Tutankhamun doesn't have a pharaoh. Therefore, if his motive for murder is not a member of the royal family, even if he had ascended the throne according to the country Tutankhamun in Liyuan Mountain, in fact, the real pharaoh, after Tutankhamun's death, he did become the next pharaoh.

In response to this murder theory, some well-known scholars studying the history of ancient Egypt have called this conclusion nonsense. The Egyptian Archaeology Department and a research team in the United States used a vehicle equipped with special equipment to remove the pharaoh's mummy from the grave. The scan results published by the research team are: 3,300 years ago, the 19-year-old ancient Egyptian pharaoh was not the place to be. "Hawass, the most famous archeologist in Egypt and the secretary-general of the Egyptian Antiquities Supreme Council, died of the murder. Egypt ’s most famous archeologist, Egypt ’s antiquities, is the “hidden place” of Tankhamun ’s “hidden place”. Various investigations have been carried out on the murders. There is no evidence that the brain was smashed, and there are no other signs. The team launched an investigation into allegations of the murder of Tutankhamun and found no evidence that Gando's death involved murder.

Egypt is a place where we can always look forward to. There are many mysterious things that are buried underground and unknown to us. No one knows where the mystery of Pharaoh Tutankhamen's sudden death is, or it will remain forever in that mysterious place on the Nile.
