---
title: "The mystery of the birth of the universe"
layout: page
# date: 2099-06-02 00:00
---

People often ask: Is the universe immutable? How big is the universe? When was the universe born? How did matter come from the universe? and many more.

When humans cast their eyes into the sky for the first time, he wondered how the vast sky and the sparkling stars were produced. and so. Various nations and eras have various legends about the formation of the universe. But that's all based on imagination and fantasy. Today, although science and technology have made great progress, the cause of the universe is still at the hypothetical stage. To sum up, there are roughly the following hypotheses.

So far, many scientists have favored the "Big Bang" hypothesis. This idea was put forward by the famous American astrophysicists Gamov and Friedman. This hypothesis states that about 20 billion years ago, the materials that make up the celestial bodies we see today are all concentrated. The density is extremely high, and the temperature is up to more than 10 billion degrees. It is called the primitive fireball. There were no stars and galaxies in the sky during this period, but they were full of radiation. Later, for some unknown reason, the original fireball exploded, and the materials that made up the fireball scattered in all directions. The high-temperature materials cooled down and the density began to decrease. Two seconds after the explosion, protons and neutrons were generated at a high temperature of 100 degrees, and within 11 minutes of the subsequent free neutron decay, a nucleus of a heavy element was formed. About 10,000 years of population, hydrogen atoms and hydrogen atoms were produced. In these 10,000 years, the matter scattered in space has begun to form a local union. Nebulae, born from stars, are formed by the condensation of these substances. In the development of the nebula, most of the gas became stars, and part of the matter became the interstellar medium due to the gravitational force of the stars.

In 1929, Hubble conducted comprehensive observations and in-depth research on 24 galaxies. He found that the spectral lines of these galaxies have obvious Doppler effects in female Xia according to physics. These galaxies are running away from us, so-called retrogression. Moreover, Hubble found that the speed of these nebulae was proportional to their distance. In other words, the farther away a galaxy is, the faster it regresses. This observation fact indicates that the universe is slightly expanding. So when did the universe begin to expand? How long has it been inflated? According to the Hubble constant H = 150 km / (sec · 10 million light-years), this meaning is: a celestial body 10 million light-years away from us has a speed of 150 kilometers per second, so the age of the universe is calculated 20 billion years. In other words, this expanding universe has been around for 20 billion years.

Microwave background radiation, one of the four major discoveries in astronomy in the 1960s, believes that 3K microwave background radiation is common in starry sky backgrounds, and this radiation is isotropic in the sky. This seems to be the residual heat left after the Big Bang, and in a sense it also supports the viewpoint of the Big Bang cosmology. However, there are also some fundamental problems in hot weather explosion cosmology that have not been resolved. For example, what was the universe before the Big Bang? What caused the big bang? What is the future pattern of the expansion of the universe?

The second is the "eternal universe" hypothesis. This hypothesis holds that the universe is not as turbulent as people say. Since the beginning of the world, the stars, the density of the stars and their spatial movements have all been in a stable state. This is the eternal universe hypothesis. This hypothesis was proposed by British great writers Hoyle, Bondi, and Gort, among others, to divide Hoyle into the following categories: stars, asteroids, meteorites, cosmic dust, nebulae, radio Power sources, pulsars, quasars, interstellar media, etc., think that these substances are in a state of force and matter balance in a large scale. That is, some stars are annihilated somewhere, and there must be new ones in another place. The universe changes only locally and is stable within the overall bubble.

The third is the "cosmic hierarchy" hypothesis. This hypothesis was proposed by the French astronomer Volcoule et al. They believe that the structure of the universe is hierarchical. For example, a star is a hierarchy, a collection of stars is a hierarchy, a number of galaxies are combined to form a galaxy cluster, and some galaxy clusters are a hierarchy.

Taken together, although the above hypotheses illustrate some of the rationale of the model, they are still lacking in generality and there is a need to continue the discussion.
