---
title: "Resurrected extinct animal"
layout: page
# date: 2099-06-02 00:00
---

The casebooks of mystic zoologists contain many cases involving the possible resurrection of many animals that are apparently extinct. Some people have seen living mammoths in the distance, they crawl slowly in the taiga belt of Siberia. Living dinosaurs have briefly appeared in the jungles of New Zealand. It was even suggested that, sadly, it was just a speculation that a dodo might still live on a desolate island in northern Mauritius, which is rarely visited by people.

However, of all the animals that are said to be extinct, the one most likely to survive is the Tasmanian tiger, the wolf family. This is a ferocious predator of the wolf order, about 1.8 meters long, with a large open jaw on the body, and a pattern on the buttocks. This is how it is commonly known. This animal was very common in Australia and is generally considered to have been extinct from the mainland before 1000 BC, mainly due to the introduction of Australian wild dogs. Wallaceans have survived in Tasmania for a long time, but this animal was madly killed by early British colonists because the British believed that this animal was a huge threat to their sheep, By 1910, this animal was rarely seen in the wild. The last confirmed sample was three sentences caught in the Valley of Florida in 1933, and is then being returned to the special zoo. In 1936, the animal was declared "probably extinct."

But the wolf wolf never completely disappeared from sight. Hunting teams funded by the government from 1937 to 1938 and from 1945 to 1946 found identifiable traces. After 1936, more than 400 eyewitnesses reported, which is more than the number reported by most mysterious animals. Steve Smith of the National Parks and Wildlife Service also conducted further investigations in 1980 and wanted to find some evidence. He estimated that about 1/3 of the log reports were high-quality reports, and found that in many reports, observers They are all within a few dozen meters of their prey.

A typical incident occurred in March 1982 when an elderly Bushman named Hans Naadin lived at the mouth of the Salman River in northwestern Tasmania. At two o'clock that night, he was woken up. After reaching for the flashlight, he looked around and found a large animal standing 5.4 to 6 meters away. It certainly looked like a wolf wolf: "It stood motionless, and every part was clearly visible. It was an adult male, with fine hairs like sand, in excellent condition. I counted it. There are 12 black markings on the back. It has a large, long-horned angular head, small ears, and round. The tail is thin, but it is thick near the hips, and a little bit like the dog's tail. It ’s not like that. ”When Naa Din reached out and grabbed the camera, the animal ran away, but it has stayed there for a long time, leaving a strong musk-like smell, this clother The Man compared this smell to the special smell of a hunting dog.

The idea that a small herd of tigers has survived for more than 60 years after it was declared extinct in Tasmania does not sound absurd, but zoologists have always had a problem unsolved, that is, in fact, There are also more than 500 reports that there are still wolf wolves on the Australian continent, and their survival there seems to be very problematic. These sightings are not focused on one or two places that are not easy to access. The area extends from Queensland one to two south to Melbourne's immediate neighbourhood, where a monster called Wangtaji has been attacked for the past 40 years. Seen more than 100 times, the sighting point went west to the beach, 160 kilometers southwest of Par. There are also reports to the north, including a small leg bone found near Kimberley, a mountain area in northwestern Australia. The carbon content of the bone near the leg bone was determined to be as early as 1890 (the leg bone itself has not been tested for carbon, otherwise it may be destroyed).

The exact evidence is still scarce, even a witness, Kevin Cameron, a professional boar hunter, recently took out six photos showing that a tiger's tail and hind legs are in the water Gary Exploring in the jungle near Rapp. Those photos initially attracted considerable interest, but soon it was pointed out that the photos were taken from so many angles that it was impossible to take them within "20 to 30 seconds" as Cameron claimed . The credibility of the pig hunter was later questioned again, as he claimed that in order to reduce noise when he was chasing the prey, he had taken off his pants and chased in shorts. Because there is no more conclusive evidence, the case of the existence of the wolf wolf is still in a convincing, but no evidence stage.
